yes no maybe sometimes here and I just
got a package from Z cube that CN just
came from hong kong and yeah they
described his toy cube I got a zhanchi
colored a megaminx Diane colored and a
pyraminx from shang qu shang xiao with
whoops um so we'll see how long it takes
me to make my way the tape may take a
while so this will probably be fast
forwarded all right so see here okay so
I kind of thought the Suzanne shoe comes
a DIY and there it is obey my first
colored plastic puzzle actually so
everything looks like it's in good shape
i don't see any broken things we got the
hong kong newspaper here can ever read
while we're at it you know unpack some
cubes and read the hong kong newspaper
um we also have two other puzzles here
one look at this they threw in a
carrying bag for your cube so if you
want to take your cubes places you or
you can take your cubes places in style
oh and look at likely this their v-cube
their VQ bags see that I don't know how
they got their hands and VQ bags I don't
think I don't even think they carry v qs
c ya they want to be cube to know it's
just a regular bag let's see if do they
fit like a regular tree by three
well look at that I feel so cool now
with this bag okay um anyway on to the
other puzzles okay so we have our
pyraminx shank shoot pyraminx and open
this one up first and this is also my
first pyraminx oh wow and the stickers
are super bright and this thing is super
greasy well you know what I'm going to
use the v-cube egg to wipe it down so it
already came to purpose here all right
yeah the stickers are super bright this
yellow almost looks a little bit greenie
I know on camera doesn't look but yeah
well that's it almost feels like it
wants to lock into place it's really
cool yeah like when you turn it it's not
like loose like it wants to lock you
hear that how it kind of clicks into
place really really cool I've never
actually had a pyraminx before so I'm
looking forward to learning how to use
one but first impressions are that this
is a really good puzzle cool says the
pyraminx now this will be the megaminx
once again just in this package right
here oh ye oh that's awesome I'd seen a
lot of pictures of it but you know
always seen a cube actually for yourself
is always better than the scene is
online awesome yeah this is a lot bigger
I had an old like macarons thing that i
got for christmas present one time and
this is the old one um it's just a
little bit bigger as you can see like
that
but I like the colored plastic look it's
nice go for the first turns here and oh
wow that's nice yeah it feels really oh
it's so much nicer than my other one Wow
now i'm not sure what I think these
corner ridges right now they almost feel
like they're a nuisance like maybe
they'll be good later almost I guess
kind of the hang of it but right now
kind of feels like they're almost in the
way of me turning another supposed to
help you turn but right now it just
feels like the cunny in the way but
anyway that was an unboxing I'll put
together my zhanchi and then you can see
what that looks like so I had a chance
to put together my zhanchi and just for
the unboxing part of it there were no
pieces missing yeah everything came just
in a little bag with even a set of
stickers and of course is a Diane
business card I don't know I had ever
need that but anyway I can't say enough
good things about this cube maybe I'll
do a review on it later but for now I'm
just so satisfied with it so yeah my
whole order from Zed keep CN turned out
to be awesome it wasn't too too
expensive the shipping kind of gets you
but the the prices on the products
they're just they're so low it's crazy
so I definitely recommend checking their
website out because I had a good
experience with them all right anyway
see you guys